hey everyone it's off today I'm going to
show you how to make a very easy and
popular dish called Pad Thai first you
want to soak your rice noodle in some
warm water for about 30 to 40 minutes or
so just until it's al dente make sure
you watch and kind of feel it when it's
pliable but not too soft you want to
drain it and set it aside
while your noodles are soaking you want
to work on your pad thai sauce I have
here some concentrated cooking tamarind
and I'm going to add take a quarter cup
of that and mix it with one cup of water
I'm going to add this into a pot here
and I didn't show it but I actually
added in 3/4 of a cup of palm sugar one
cup of water and I just added 1/2 a cup
of fish sauce then you just mix this all
up to combine it's very very important
that you cook this outside if you have
like an outdoor burner or whatnot if you
try to cook this inside oh my goodness
this stuff stinks it stank it will make
your house smell like hot booty on a
Midsummer's day so this is me cooking it
outside in about 30 minutes so for the
30 minutes I had the lid on but not
completely all the way and left a little
crack to let some of that you know steam
escape and you want to make sure you
keep it at a good rolling boil and stir
it often to prevent burning and here's
the sauce once it's cooled down
completely it's nice and syrupy and this
is what you need to get that good color
and for it to stick to the noodles while
your stir frying next you want to add in
some chopped garlic into some peanut oil
and you want to stir fry this for a
couple of seconds and next I'm adding in
my shrimp that I had marinating in some
of my sauce about a couple of
tablespoons maybe two or three
tablespoons for a 1 pound of shrimp 1
once it's almost completely cooked
through set it aside using that same wok
I'm adding in my noodles I didn't
mention that you want to make sure you
cook this in batches so the sauce that I
provided earlier the amount is good for
3 or 4 batches so you want to take some
noodles 2 handfuls add in to your wok
add a little bit of water and continue
to stir for I don't know a minute or so
and then I'm going to add in some of my
pad thai sauce I don't measure how much
just taste check it I add about a ladle
at a time probably a little and a half
for this batch that I added here and
then I'm also going to add in for some
red coloring I'm going to take one
tablespoon of ground chili paste and I'm
adding in a quarter cup of paprika and
I'm going to toss it in here pretty
quickly and it's right there now if your
noodles are a little bit harder than you
wanted them to be then go ahead and just
keep stir frying and adding in a little
bit of warm water at a time until it's
nice and soft but again not too mushy
because you want to do this all at about
a medium-high heat
it looks like my noodles are right where
I want them to be I'm going to taste
check to see if it needs more sauce and
it tastes good to me so now I am going
to go ahead and add in my shrimp I'm not
adding in all the shrimp that I made
earlier again I'm making this in batches
okay so I'm going to make a well in the
middle and I'm going to crack in two
eggs and I don't want to stir it just
yet I want to have both white and yellow
parts you know mixed in among the pad
thai so give it about a minute or so and
then start to stir-fry or scramble it a
little bit just to give it some of the
nice color within your Pad Thai and then
again just stir to combine everything is
coming together quite nicely so I turned
out the heat now I'm adding in some
fresh bean sprouts you can add some just
for the garnish as well but I'm going to
do both because I like some actually and
it cook down just a little bit in my Pad
Thai and that's all folks just garnish
the way you like some fresh chives bean
sprouts ground roasted peanuts and chili
paste or chili powder don't forget a
generous amount or squeezing of lime
when you're good to go thanks for
watching bye